I think you have something you want to
tell me Harlan started out with a rusty
smith-corona and built himself into one
of the best-selling mystery writers of
all time thirty languages over 80
million copies sold you guys fans I mean
I don't do much fiction reading myself
big fan
[Music]
mr. Blanc is a private investigator of
great renown I read a tweet about a New
Yorker article about you you're famous
the night of his demise the family had
gathered to celebrate your father's 85th
birthday and your son ransom pretty
attend as well yes but he left early I
think Glenda was upset Walt would get a
little Irish courage and he'd get into
it with Harlan what Richard said what
are you baiting me detective attempting
to be thorough so we can figure out the
manner of death you mean if someone
killed him you think one of us one of
his family well all of it mr. Blanc I
just buried my father who committed
suicide why are you here
I suspect foul play
I have eliminated no Sussman Harlan was
cleaning house everyone in the family
has possible motive was halt and
planning on cutting off joy did he plan
to file Walter there's a Richard having
an affair that's some heavy-duty
conjecture funny ransom you skipped the
funeral but you're early for the will
reading up your ass very nice the family
is truly desperate when people get
desperate the nerves come out this is a
twisted web and we are not finished
untangling it not yet keep waiting for
the big reveal
all of them Vlad too late
there is long feel cheap on in behind
and all you know something
spill it my god tell me what happened to
my grandfather
I think you have something you want to
tell me
[Music]
therapy abuse you're a brave girl so
what's the story young lady
we're on our way to Minneapolis it
wasn't an accident
nice out well sooner or later everybody
does right dad I nearly had you tonight
since you're traveling I'd like to do a
cat scan daddy's gonna take care I'm
gonna wait right here for you when you
get out just been hours you know how
much longer it's gonna be what was her
name again Harry Monroe
I'm not seeing a Perry Monroe there
hasn't been a scan since 9 o'clock this
morning are you telling me they're not
here at the whole day in front of you
not finding any Monroe I just want to
see my wife and daughter do you have any
fish don't record in the treatment areas
right that the camera can't see them
because of the cheese you get a better
angle
you saw my little girl you treated her
own well I've got to go on is your word
that they were here at all think I'll
make some come on
why would I have my daughter scarf but
not her there's something wrong with
this place
she did the picture that could be
anybody
where's concerned about them as you are
nobody needs to get hurt
I mean he's a head case
look I know you got
[Music]
your dad was traveling so much that year
that he'd maybe this video how's the
undoing I miss my little man I'm telling
you Nicole that kid is something special
[Music]
you're such a special kid you're
charming smart very handsome Pat said
you were asking about your dad
my mom won't some will happen just as a
little storm
I think it's happening with you
[Music]
we should figure out how to get it under
control how long do you think you can
keep this up
the government was tracking people who
got super virus
[Music]
I know a few things about Yong
the storms are drawn to yourself
where's my son ma'am we're in love
it's you and me you would be
[Music]
so normal boring shift too much dad it's
enough punctual boys cross town just got
two more bodies said both had some kind
of mark on their neck three random
victims at the times of death of minutes
apart bodies a miles apart as it were
[Music]
hello Thomas what'd you say this is
where it happens
today marks the nine-year anniversary of
the Market Street murders and a still
unidentified suspect detective Walker
yes hello we mean seven in a game you
guys got to see this Philly PD it seems
woman nice to see you again she gets 25
by a train and nine years later she's
back she is priority number one for all
law enforcement agencies you have to
stop chasing me I'm doing all this for a
reason
[Music]
you have no idea what's coming
if you kill me now the world as you know
it will end
I lost my family three years ago it
wasn't very pack Siddhant there was a
bomb on that plane I need your help to
find the ones who did this I've got
nothing to lose what about your life
what about it I'm gonna say this once
even if you succeed it won't be worth it
[Music]
I'll make every street walking the
streets promise me you might do nothing
silly
[Music]
why are you here your your question and
how would you do that
violently
you've much more human than I thought
you'd be and that's a good disgust
another clue about the scale of the mess
of course
[Music]
did you sleep last night
did you hear that
someone out there
[Music]
Cal Becky something's not right about
this I think we should head back to the
road
Becky Travis who are you what's going on
[Music]
what how did you get here before us
no no my boy he's lost in here too so
we're feeling
never get a flicker you can find things
but it's easier once they're dead
[Music]
how long have we been here
I'm not sure that sounded like me this
field doesn't make any sense and then
once they get here that does you think
this is just chance we're all here for a
reason
[Music]
Chris
whose grace
should I tell you a story
it's the story of an orphan girl from a
faraway land he was sent to live a
mysterious house
[Music]
and what if I were to tell you she
discovered something magical
scooping secret
[Music]
would you believe me
if you cause me trouble I'll have you
sent away in an instant
[Music]
and you were hiding something this
garden it's capable of extraordinary
things now will you believe in the magic
[Music]
what do you want dad is there anything
that I can help you with even help me
[Music]
you know it was just supposed to be me
and you're going away this weekend
[Music]
this is a good child good people
this is Charlie LeMans house who are you
Charlie's long gone
it would silverbeet but you call me
Eddie
whatever you do don't go into the
workshop
[Music]
[Applause]
this is what happens when you bring
drugs into my house
[Music]
this is what happens when you bring bugs
in a motel
[Music]
you